YouTube_RoseMaryPerez

Group by Country Show the number of views among the four top countries.- United States the lowest- IN - India- CA - Canada- GB - United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland:  made up of the following nations England, Scotland, Wales and Northern IrelaHighest.What the chart show base on the data given is the GB is you Tube happy by 50% more than the other counties. And I repeat this is base on this data. I point this out because GB is small than the other counties.Notice how Great Britain has double the view in comparison to the larger countries. Which leads me to question the data given. So what are these counties watching?Low to high: Sports, Comedy, People & Blogs, Entertainment, and Music being the highest.I wasn’t sure what constituted entertainment. When I looked it up neither did YouTube another reason to question this data.The ranking of sports surprised me because these countries than to be sports frantic. However thinking about it a bit I would rather watch the game in real time than the after math. But if it’s was the Nicks John star shooting a basket for three point hit that button again and again.the YouTube top interests of each countries goes as followcategories - United States Entertainment with music falling the third place; How to & Style being secondIN – India so the same result as the US; News & Politics falling secondCA – Canada Entertainment, News & Politics, People & blogs franks thirdGB – Music, Entertainment and people & blogs Although individual the data show the above. Running the comparison s Those are my finds. Thank you for your attention. 